CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

### NOTE: The issues section is for bug reports and feature requests only.
_Support is not offered for this library, and the likelihood that the maintainers will respond is very low. If you need help, please use [stackoverflow](http://stackoverflow.com/search?q=cmb)._

Before reporting a bug
---
1. Search issue tracker for similar issues.
2. Install the trunk version of CMB2.


How to report a bug
---
1. Specify the version number for both WordPress and CMB2.
3. Describe the problem in detail. Explain what happened, and what you expected would happen.
4. Provide a small test-case and a link to a [gist](https://gist.github.com/) containing your entire metabox registration code.
5. If helpful, include a screenshot. Annotate the screenshot for clarity.


How to contribute to CMB2
---
All contributions welcome. If you would like to submit a pull request, please follow the steps below.

1. Make sure you have a GitHub account.
2. Fork the repository on GitHub.
3. **Check out the trunk version of CMB2.** If you submit to the master branch, the PR will be closed with a link back to this document.
4. **Verify your issue still exists in the trunk branch.**
5. Make changes to your clone of the repository.
6. Submit a pull request.

**Note:** You may gain more ground and avoid unecessary effort if you first open an issue with the proposed changes, but this step is not necessary.

Commit message:

Update contributing.md, and add new before_field/after_field callback/params which display inside cmb-td. Used to address issues with text_money field.
git-svn-id: https://plugins.svn.wordpress.org/cmb2/trunk@991206 b8457f37-d9ea-0310-8a92-e5e31aec5664

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

### NOTE: The issues section is for bug reports and feature requests only.
_Support is not offered for this library, and the likelihood that the maintainers will respond is very low. If you need help, please use [stackoverflow](http://stackoverflow.com/search?q=cmb), or the [wordpress.org plugin forums](http://wordpress.org/support/plugin/cmb2)._

Before reporting a bug
---
1. Search issue tracker for similar issues.
2. Install the trunk version of CMB2.


How to report a bug
---
1. Specify the version number for both WordPress and CMB2.
3. Describe the problem in detail. Explain what happened, and what you expected would happen.
4. Provide a small test-case and a link to a [gist](https://gist.github.com/) containing your entire metabox registration code.
5. If helpful, include a screenshot. Annotate the screenshot for clarity.


How to contribute to CMB2
---
All contributions welcome. If you would like to submit a pull request, please follow the steps below.

1. Make sure you have a GitHub account.
2. Fork the repository on GitHub.
3. **Check out the trunk version of CMB2.** If you submit to the master branch, the PR will be closed with a link back to this document.
4. **Verify your issue still exists in the trunk branch.**
5. Make changes to your clone of the repository.
6. Submit a pull request.

**Note:** You may gain more ground and avoid unecessary effort if you first open an issue with the proposed changes, but this step is not necessary.
